# JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**start_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | Note that every time the task is restarted, this value is updated. | 
**end_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | This property is set only if the task is in the Completed state. | [optional] 
**state** | **string** | Possible values are: running – the task is currently running (including retrying). completed – the task has exited with exit code 0, or the task has exhausted its retry limit, or the Batch service was unable to start the task due to scheduling errors | 
**task_root_directory** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**task_root_directory_url** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**exit_code** | **int** | This parameter is returned only if the task is in the completed state. The exit code for a process reflects the specific convention implemented by the application developer for that process. If you use the exit code value to make decisions in your code, be sure that you know the exit code convention used by the application process. Note that the exit code may also be generated by the compute node operating system, such as when a process is forcibly terminated. | [optional] 
**scheduling_error** | [**\Progrupa\Azure\Model\TaskSchedulingError**](TaskSchedulingError.md) |  | [optional] 
**retry_count** | **int** |  | 
**last_retry_time** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | This property is set only if the task was retried (i.e. retryCount is nonzero). If present, this is typically the same as startTime, but may be different if the task has been restarted for reasons other than retry; for example, if the compute node was rebooted during a retry, then the startTime is updated but the lastRetryTime is not. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


